The term use-case describes the process of using a system to accomplish a goal. It is done by identifying, clarifying, and organizing the requirements to develop a system properly. The use case is made up of a lot of interactions between systems and users in a particular environment where the user creates a document that describes all the steps to complete the project. A use case document helps the development team to review any errors detected so that they can resolve them. Once the requirements are met, the system is developed successfully.

Use cases describe all the requirements of a system from the end user's perspective. Use case diagrams are created in a unified modeling language where all the steps are described and performed in a step-by-step sequence. The process is broken into six steps and includes the following:

1. Identifying all system users and creating a profile for each one.

2. Selecting one user and defining their goal.

3. Describe the course taken for each use case through the system to reach that goal.

4. Considering every alternate course of events and extending use cases.

5. Identifying commonalities in journeys to create common course use cases and written descriptions; and

6. Repeating steps two to five for all other system users.

All these steps included in these diagrams are designed to allow developers to see how each part of the system interacts with others to perform a specific task.

In addition to the information stated above, there are only two types of use cases: one for business use and the other for system use. A business use case focuses on businesses where there are a lot of activities involved by many actors. They are assigned to perform specific tasks to keep the business running. A system use case, on the other hand, is written with more detail that refers to specific functions in parts of the system using a use case diagram.

Furthermore, use cases can be used in other areas of software development including project planning, user documentation, and test case definitions. For example, a group of people gathers data to plan out something they want to build whether it be an Adirondack chair or a program that generates random numbers. Use cases are used everywhere no matter what project you are planning to do because they act as a detailed plan to help you get the job done.
